HELP FOR EASYACCESS PARSEPFX UTILITY PROGRAM

To use EasyAccess to send and receive files with the IBM Global Network
using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), you must have an SSL certificate.

IBM will provide you with an SSL certificate when you subscribe to the
IBM Global Network and receive your account, userid (mailbox) and password.

Typically, IBM distributes SSL certificates via floppy disk, with the
password required to install the certificate sent under separate cover.

When you have received the certificate file and password from IBM, you
may use this utility program to install the certificate.  Once the certificate
is installed, you may send and receive files using the IBM Global Network.


INSTALLATION PROCEDURE

To install the certificate you need to enter two pieces of information:
- the full filename of the Input Key File, and
- the Key File Password

The Input Key File is located on the floppy disk you received from IBM.
It is normally located in the "KEYS" sub-directory on the floppy disk.
The Input Key File is normally given a name corresponding to your IGN USERID
followed by a three character numeric extension; for example, "myuserid.001".
You may either type in the Input Key File's directory and filename,
or click on the yellow Folder icon to browse for the filename.

The Key File Password is the password sent to you from IBM under
separate cover.  It is normally an 8-digit value.  Simply type this
value into the Key File Password field.

Once you have entered the Input Key File and the Key File Password,
click OK, and your SSL certificate will be installed, and the message
"Key Import Successful" will be displayed.


WHAT TO DO IF PROBLEMS ARISE

If your certificate does not install properly, an error message will be
displayed.  Make sure you have correctly entered the full Input Key File
name and the Key File Password and try again.

You may contact the Product Support team at Comm-Press, Inc. at 972-550-7694
if you have questions concerning this program.

